WEEK 1:


Wednesday: Group formed and named. Completed expected tasks as a group during Week 1 Lab, including: registering group on Moodle, adding members to the group, Jira registration and contact exchange.
As a group, we discussed prior backend and frontend experience. Outlined tasks to complete during the week, like choosing a project idea and set up a new meeting time to discuss those tasks.

WEEK 2:


Tuesday: We decided on project 1 (wait management) and worked through the given project proposal requirements together so that everyone could see what needed to be done in one Google doc.
We worked on compiling drawbacks and problems of existing wait management systems on a document Gungeet started. We also broke down requirements into smaller tasks to tackle over the next weeks.
Questions and uncertainties were compiled to ask during the lab. Some user stories were made though we were unsure of the structure so left some questions for the tutorial.

Wednesday: We began writing user stories for potential core features and discussed what 8 functionalities we should have. These were based off the user stories which we made using the
information given in the project description, We had difficulties coming up with novel functions and left that to be an individual task, where each member
would be given time to research their own ideas. We aim to discuss these ideas in our next meeting. We discussed how to structure our core features and assigned
each to a member. Each member should try to expand on these features. We also set our weekly meetings to be on Tuesday evenings and Saturday mornings in addition to our Wednesday tutorials.
We decided on having meetings on Monday evenings and Saturday mornings in addition to our tutorials for progress checks and discussions.

Saturday: We discussed the features that we have come up with and began drafting the proposal. I worked on the notification and booking features. We discussed other ideas for our novel
functionalities and decided to send a few to the tutor for confirmation (I suggested that a new idea for the loyalty program could reward members with a special menu or an express queue).
I also rearranged the meeting minutes structure so that it was easier to see what the agenda, actionable and summary of each meeting was. We agreed to create user stories and storyboards
(I will help Grace and Alan with these) by the next meeting and to start ideating the system architecture and product backlog in the next meeting.

WEEK 3:


Monday: Worked with the team on creating a draft entity-relationship diagram including the account, menu, item, booking and table. I took the meeting minutes and directed the focus of the meeting
towards the 3 main points of the agenda - technology stack, sprint schedule and what our novel functionalities could be. I worked with Rodney on the system architecture and design. I focused on
outlining the technology we would use in the front end and APIs connecting it to the back end. I also wrote descriptions of our external users based on the user stories that we created.
I added the storyboards for notifications for wait and kitchen staff and added all storyboards to the proposal. Submitted the proposal after performing final checks on grammar, correct information, etc.
Added some extra details to ensure that it is clear how we have worked towards achieving the success criteria.'

WEEK 4:


Monday: Took meeting minutes to decide on what actionable we had to do before Wednesday. I was tasked with setting up the frontend codebase with React and assisting in designing frontend elements with
Gungeet and Alan. I also taught Gungeet some basic React concepts so he can assist us with front-end development.

Wednesday: Assigned tasks for creating the frontend. I worked with Gungeet to create the login form for customers
and staff.

I set up the login page for customers and staff, basing the styling off the register page.
Changes were made to the staff login page such that instead of an email, a user id is required.

Saturday: Had meeting to discuss the plan for the the project demo. Assigned tasks. I will continue working on
the login pages to make sure the correct functionality is there.

WEEK 5:


I completed the staff login page, having consistent styling with the resgister page. A POST request was included
in this page and will be tested on Tuesday when the group goes through a practice demo.

I experienced issues connecting the MySQL database to the backend and so, I couldn't test the POST request.
Alan was able to test the POST request as his app was working. The POST request worked and my pull request was
merged into the main branch.

WEEK 6:


Managed to connect MySQL Workbench with my code. Created the frontend for ordering
menu items. Completed user stories MN3900-36, -46 and -47. Discussed with Grace how
the backend could work with the frontend and took Rodney's suggested method of
implementation.

WEEK 7:


Helped add image/thumbnail functionality to the menu cards. Improved UI of orderDrawer component.
Started working on the dashboard for waitstaff to view orders and order items according to their status
 (Preparing, Ready To Serve and Served). Included the functionality to change the status of order items 
by clicking on them.

Helped Gungeet to improve the UI of the whole website - common colour scheme and modern design.
Changed implementation of OrderDashboard to show only Ready To Serve order items and to match KitchenStaff
UI after discussing with Alan.

WEEK 8:


Implemented the calculation and display of the table total in the frontend order component.
Implemented logout button. Implemented a common dashboard for kitchen staff and wait staff.
Improved the UI for staff and customer views.

WEEK 9:


Implemented the frontend for table reservations for customers, allowing them to select the date, time 
and number of guests through a form. Implemented a dashboard for wait staff to view reservations for 
the day. Put a placeholder for viewing reservations for the customer to prepare for the next sprint.
Communicated with Grace to design the backend for the booking features to be implemented similar to 
the rest of the backend to improve developer experience.

WEEK 10

Implemented the frontend for confirming reservations. Improved UI for customer and waitstaff pages 
Researched Toastify and its alternatives to replace the current alert popups to improve UI/UX.