Week 1

Formed group and chose a group name. Started discussing potential topics that the group 
was interested in using for the assignment. Registered for Jira as scrum master 
initially but then chose to change scrum masters (made Alan the scrum master). Also 
discussed which group members had more experience working with backend or frontend. 
Asked tutor some questions in relation to the general assignment spec.

Week 2

Agreed with team members to meet 3 times a week to work on the assignment and discuss 
how things are progressing (including the 2 hour tutorial we meet for on wednesdays). 
Our group decided to go forward with project 1 (wait management project). I started 
a google docs for a rough outline of what was required for this project and assigned 
each team member with a section of criteria to deal with. 

During meeting we came up with our core functionalities and novel functions that we 
were planning to include in our proposal. I personally dealt with the introduction of 
our project and was assigned to find out existing wait management systems and their 
drawbacks. I also proposed the way our main functionality for the wait management staff 
would function. As a team we came up with user stories for each component of the project 
separately and aimed to combine several user stories to build a certain functionality.

Week 3

Completed my research on existing wait management systems and decided to include NextMe, 
Yelp Waitlist and WaitlistMe as the three main systems I wanted to discuss in 
the proposal. Started articulating the starting sections of our proposal where I came up
with an introduction of the issues we were targeting and the solution we were proposing. 
Had a couple of meetings with team before we finalised the proposal and submitted.

Week 4

Worked with Chris and Alan to learn some basics of React Js and frontend setups required 
for our project. Had a meeting to discuss how to assign each member with objectives to 
accomplish. I was assigned to develop the basics of the login page with Chris. Also worked 
on the staff login page which was later merged with the generic login page to improve code 
quality. End of week had another meeting to discuss how project demo should be conducted
and agreed on Alan taking the lead to present. 

Week 5

Worked with chris to complete the staff login page and ensure that it is designed in a
similar way as register. Learnt how to setup mySQL so I could start testing
the staff login page. Made appropriate changes to the UI of the login page to match the 
other pages of our website using the same scheme. Team met at tutorial for first demonstration
with Alan lead. Tutor advised us to ensure our user stories are worded properly so that 
it does not appear confusing to markers. After the demonstration we stayed in the tut
to discuss the retrospective and deisgn appropriate strategies to improve our 
teamwork going forward. 

Week 6

Used live share extension to work on frontend UI scheme. Implemented modern design by 
getting assistance and guidance from Chris. Changed files to match colour scheme set to
be consistent throughout frontend. Encountered some issues with updating mySQL but 
resolved after talking with team members. Went through code written for current sprint and
adjusting UI accordingly.

Week 7

Added carousel to landing page of website. This would be used to display our customer reviews
as more and more customers were to use our site and leave reviews. Also added more emphasis on
the main buttons on the page for easier viewing for users. Added images for each individual
menu item and ensured these were able to be viewed by guests and logged in customers.

Week 8

Prepared for second demonstration by going over website UI with Chris and making changes 
as necessary to make the website look more modern. Changes to UI for the dashboards of
kitchen staff and wait staff were made. Fixed filter button colour schema to match rest of
website.

Week 9

Early start on the final project report. Drafted the introduction, overview and core
functionalities of our website. Added descriptions of the front-end and back-end architecture
used within our wait management system. Communicated with Chris on more potential changes to
UI to improve customer retention for the website. 

Week 10

Final touches being added to the codebase. Ensuring all colour schema was matching to make
the website ready for final submission. Fixed reseravtion dashboard to include a bookingID
when customers submit their reservation forms. Made sure that these can be seen on waiter
pages as well. Finalised the final project report and added appropriate references for
wait management systems we researched. Added to overview and introduction to better explain
the main issues we were targeting to solve with our project.