Week 1:
    Attended the lab, introduced myself to the class, and found a group. Talked with my group members about the task during the lab and we all agreed to each read the project list and select preferable projects. 
    We selected a meeting time for next week to be Tuesday 7pm and I spent the rest of the week reading the projects and choosing projects 1, 5, 8, 9. Joining the Jira, Confluence, and GitHub group.


Week 2:
    Attended a meeting on Tuesday to decide on a project, we ended up choosing project 1 as that was the most prefereable. As a group we read through the project specification and requirements and delegated / volunteered for work to do. 
    Clarified the project spec and forumlated questions for Wednesday's lab.

    Attended the lab on Wednesday. Asked the lab tutor some questions regarding the project specification. My group members and I each created a few user stories and from these stories we brainstormed and discussed the 8 functionalities 
    we are required to implement. During the lab we settled on 6 core functionalities with the novel functionalities left open for further research. A couple functionalities I came up with were QR codes and guest logins and loyalty program. 

    Missed Saturday meeting, read the meeting minutes and caught up. Message the scrum leader to delegate some work to me and recieved a task to detail the novelty functionalities which i completed.


Week 3:
    Attended Monday meeting, consulted with team on planning structure of our project, drafting entity-relationship diagram for our database, finalising novel functionalities, and delegating future works. I presented my work completed between the last meeting and now. 
    Brought up the topic of choosing a full stack for development, and we settled on React, Express, and MySQL. From this meeting I had the tasks to create the entity-relationship diagram from the draft, and work with Christopher on the System Architecture.
    I designed and created a few diagrams including the entity-relationship diagram, system architecture diagram, and user interface diagram. I also wrote a part of the system architecture section outlining the back-end tech stack and their descriptions.


Week 4:
    Attended Monday meeting, discussed with the team about setting up the project and codebase. Began researching into how to setup the backend and codebase.  I setup the backend codebase by writing some preliminary code, importing the necessary modules and connected 
    the backend to mysql

    Attended Wednesday meeting, I shared the process of setting up the backend with the team and showed the team how to start it. Assigned and began working on the backend code for register functionalities.

    Attended Saturday meeting, the backend was refactorised and began going over the new codebase. Finished implementation of registration functionalities and updated the team on how to use these functions.


Week 5:
    Attended Demo A, afterwards, myself along with the team began and finished the retrospective task. 
    Attended Saturday meeting, talked about the upcoming sprint and allocating tasks, I have taken on 8 user stories for this sprint and also will be helping the design of the frontend.


Week 6:
    Attended Monday meeting, finished a basic design for the menu page and presented it to the team, and began coding for the backend to implement some user stories functionality for the menu system.
    Coded the backend functionality for 8 menu user stories.
    MN3900-2, MN3900-12, MN3900-13, MN3900-29, MN3900-33, MN3900-35, MN3900-48, MN3900-51.

    Attended the Saturday meeting and gave stand up on progress, also gave input on the backend and frontend design of order functionality and will help refactor and adjust code.
    Refactored and adjust the design of the backend for order user stories.

Week 7:
    pass


Week 8:
    pass


Week 9:
    pass


Week 10:
    pass